Next one up.
We have an animation and probably since there are gonna be so similar.
One of the first questions you're gonna have is gonna be like now okay.
I know the transition but why you're showing this animation in my face right now.
And the answer is actually very simple.
You see what transition we always went from zero to 100.
And that's gonna be obviously natural.
Then look and example and yada yada yada.
Just to give you a one quick short one sentence answer.
Transition goes from zero to 100 always.
We went from some kind of state that was here let's say on the left hand side and then our box moved
to the right hand side and then it moved back.
What's cool with animation we have way more option so we can have the point.
So the animation is not going to go from zero to 100 all the time.
Instead we can have the zero then let's say 1 percent and that that whatever percentages we would want
and I know or you know already what I'm going to say is that we're going to have to look at the example
because as always this is just gonna make way more sense.
And again yes we will gonna be deleting CSX we will gonna be deleting interesting email because I do
find it much more convenient or much more productive if we get used to working with HDMI on CSX.
We could always let's say expand on the previous example but that I think robs you the actual opportunity
to work on the muscle memory.
Again it is my personal opinion.
You might disagree with that but that's just the way it is.
And here.
Let's start by simply saying that there's going to be Dave.
Now there's Dave is gonna have some kind of class and the class let's say is going to be transition
just so we can see the difference and we can also maybe right transition name here.
Maybe that's gonna make sense and then I would like to copy and paste it and now I would like to actually
delete these values so I'm going to say that I'm gonna get rid of the transition.
And here we're gonna write animation and you're already probably guessed that we're gonna be styling
one with transition and the second one with animation.
Now within the C assess let's just say that both those are going to look exactly the same.
So again with there's gonna be two hundred pixels then we can deal the height and that's gonna be a
hundred pixels.
Also maybe let's add a little bit of margin all around just so they're not stacked one on top of each
other as well as.
And you know what I said this is not going to be class.
This is gonna be Dave and then let's start with specific classes.
So for transition I'm going to say and you know at last and then least add color and white hair and
for transition what I would want for this.
First of all let's add some background and let's say background is gonna be right.
So this is gonna be my transition.
And also I would like to say that there is gonna be some kind of change.
So I'm gonna do this with transition.
I'm going to say that there's been a transition now all the properties are going to be affected.
It's gonna take two seconds and let's do a linear since we know that ease is gonna be the default one
anyway.
So far so good as well as I would like to work with my hovering because I was this transition should
take place as I'm hovering.
So I'm going to say as we transition as we're hovering what should happen now let's say background is
going to turn yellow.
Got nothing really original as well as I don't know we're going have work with a transformed property
so I'm going to say transform is gonna be again translating x direction by let's say I don't know 100
pixels so something like this.
Now what happens as I'm hovering and then this is gonna move all the way to the right.
And then as we're not hovering we're moving all the way to the left market so far so good.
So what about the animation.
Why this is so special.
Well let's start working on that.
So first of all the name wasn't animation.
And now let's add maybe a background of I don't know blue.
Something like this.
So this is gonna have the background.
And what else we would like to add our nitrogen.
We can start working with animation maybe right away now for the animations we would need to set up
key frames so the syntax would be something like this.
We would need to write first of all had and this is gonna be very similar like we work with media queries
remember we did something very similar.
We had the ad and then media.
Now in this case we were going to have to write the key frames.
Now the naming matters here meaning if you were going to name this Grandpa Bob then you also need to
reference it in the animation with the same name.
Don't write something here different than the within the animation because this is not going to work.
This is as simple as that.
And I'm just gonna call my animation.
And like I said the difference would be that we're not going from the state of zero to 100.
We have multiple states in how do we access these data.
We can use the percentage values so we can say what a zero percent.
This is gonna have some kind of value.
And first of all I'm just gonna say transform and let's translate it.
I don't know 20 pixels x direction so I'm gonna say x direction 20 pixels.
So this is gonna be my zero value.
And then also I can have an option here of saying at 50 percent.
This should be translated.
Let's say a hundred pixel.
So again we can copy and paste it and let's say hundred pixel.
Now we're not limited to only having the one property here because as you can see we're working just
with 21.
We also can do let's say background.
And again this could be as many properties as you would like.
Now let me add the semicolon otherwise this is gonna throw an error and let's say background is gonna
be red.
So that 50 percent of the animation the background is gonna be red.
Then we can add seventy five.
And as always the reason why I'm using these round values is just to give you an idea.
Please understand that you can use 1 to 3 percent one point five.
It doesn't really matter but I'm not obviously going to cover all of them because it doesn't really
make sense if we're gonna be going from zero to 100 by each and every information.
You know what.
We can in this case maybe grab these values already so we can say translate.
And in this case I would want to more with hundred percent negative.
So this is going to shift and left the yellow color is gonna be also the color for the background.
And last but not least let's go forward one hundred where and you know what again I copy and paste it
way too many times.
And 400 I don't know what I would want.
And let me decide.
I'm going to go back again to 20 pixels I guess as well as I'm going to set this up with green.
So that's my animation.
Now at the moment as I'm refreshing the page nothing happens.
The reason why nothing happens.
Because we still need to set up the animation now for the animation again.
Similarly how we had we transition we have the long way of writing this or we have the shorthand the
first maybe let's start with the long one and then we're going to bounce back to a shorthand version.
Now for the animation we're gonna say first of all animation name.
So we always always need the animation name.
And this is where the naming comes important.
Again if you named it something else don't right.
Grandpa Maria here or not Grandpa memory and Grandma Maria and let's say here I'm going to write and
move since this is obviously the name of my animation.
Now once we say it nothing happens because there's two more properties that we need for the animation.
So not only we need duration so similarly like we had we had transformation or transition I'm sorry.
Then we also need the count.
So how many times this animation is going to take place.
So we're going to be looking for animation and then we have the count property animation iteration count
animation iteration and then we're looking for the count we have all kinds of options we can go one
to wherever 12:00 and we're also going to have infinite value.
Now we're going to look at the infinite value later on.
Let me just go with you.
So this is gonna run two times.
Now notice what happens on right and say this animation is right now bouncing to the 50 percent and
then 75 was negative 200 and then we're going back again to a zero.
And again the animation is gonna take two times because we had the count here of two.
Now you can already see that this gives you way more options.
Transition was very simple.
I go from one side and I go to another side and then the values are changing from 0 percent to 1/2 percent.
With animation this gives you an unlimited amount of options.
Now keep in mind though this 10 seconds is going to reflect this 50 percent.
So if I'm going to write here let's say 20 seconds then my 50 percent there's gonna be already a 10
seconds and so on and so forth.
So these values are correlating to each other.
So if we're going to write one second this 50 percent is gonna mean zero point five seconds and so on
and so forth.
Okay.
So far so good.
Now what about the shorthand because we see obviously the long way of writing now for the short guy.
And again this is going to be very very similar to what we had with transitions.
First there's gonna be the name and you know what.
Let me go up here and select them all and just come in the mouth.
The first one is going to be name.
Then again we were looking for how long this is going to take place or duration and maybe in this case
let's write five seconds as well as the last one is gonna be how many times we're going to run that
animation and let's use the infinite value because that way you'll see that the animation is gonna be
bouncing infinitely and whatever again we have the 50 percent 75 and the animation is just going to
keep on repeating because we set up this value with the infinite bounds.
And this is how we can work with animations in SPSS.